>> Bianca Gandolfo: So now that you
have some foundational experience with
implementing data structure from scratch,
it's time to apply those to some
common interview questions.
And so what we're gonna do right now
is investigate different themes and
different types of questions that
you'll see for these data structures.
And kind of talk about
things to keep in mind,
then it's up to you to go and
implement them.
And there's solutions online, and
to practice these types of problems.
So let's take a look, these are some
common questions about stocks and queues.
Actually, let me take a step back and
talk about where I have accumulated these
themes and questions and
the resources that I used.
So how I first started
learning data structures and
algorithms was through MOOCs, so like
college classes on data structures and
algorithms and things like that.
Reading books like Cracking
the Coding Interview,
kind of takes a less academic approach,
and I think that's a lot more digestible.
So a lot of my questions are from
themes that I found in Cracking the Coding
Interview, websites like InterviewBit,
LeetCode, and
GeeksforGeeks is another one that I like.
It's like a crowd sourced website.
So basically what I did in preparation for
this class is I went through all
the questions on these platforms
that were under the particular
data structure umbrella.
And then that kind of like
went through them and
try to pick up themes and
different approaches.
And so this one what I wanna do is kind
of talk to you about what I found and
different ways to approach
these kind of problems.
So that when you see them, and
you'll see an adaption of these in
a variety of different ways that
you'll have an idea of where to start.